*: update doc for generated columns GA (#13246)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-create-table.md

> **Note:**
>

> > The default definition of **primary key** in TiDB is different from that in [InnoDB](https://mariadb.com/kb/en/innodb/)(the common storage engine of MySQL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The default definition of **primary key** in TiDB is different from that in [InnoDB](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/innodb-storage-engine.html)(the common storage engine of MySQL).
```

Reviewer: Looks like this same sentence and links are also in `develop/dev-guide-schema-design-overview.md`

Author: Thank you! Just fixed it.

> > The default definition of **primary key** in TiDB is different from that in [InnoDB](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/innodb-storage-engine.html)(the common storage engine of MySQL).

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/13383/files 中文 PR 是否需要对应修改下
